Add updated md and html files for snap workshop (#86)
stjudeDNBBinfCore/Trainings: courses/sc-rna-seq-snap-workshop/resources/snap_quickstart_guide.md

---
output:
  pdf_document: default
  html_document: default

> ---

Reviewer: @AntoniaChroni, Thank you for the feedback.

- Please see (4401bf43995ae225e5841feb9683213be00c91f1) for the changes listed in the checklist.
- The bug was fixed in the previous commit (3f4aa161f04b2e701a7094283dbe67934c17e7b7). However, please refer the most recent commit (4401bf43995ae225e5841feb9683213be00c91f1).

<p align="center">

>   <img src="../img/DNB-BINF-Core-logo.png" alt="DNB Logo" width="180">

Reviewer: Please see (cc2b358f35833522d532086a7af19c0a8f64a8bc).

### 3. Check your location

As soon as you enter the HPC environment, your current location will be: `/home/<username>/`.

> To confirm, run below commmand:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To confirm your current location, run the following command:
```

### 2. Clone

> 

Reviewer 2: Please replace this line: 

```
1. **Choose an owner**: stjude-dnb-binfcore
```

with:

```
1. **Choose an owner**: Your own GitHub profile
```

> *DNB members should have access to this location.*

Reviewer 2: Please replace this:

```
This hands-on workshop uses a training dataset (FASTQ files) stored on internal DNB research storage; see the `project_parameters.Config.yaml` file for exact location.

*DNB members should have access to this location.*
```

with:

```
We provide a training dataset (FASTQ files). Please see the `project_parameters.Config.yaml` file for more information.
```

> 

Reviewer: Please see (cc2b358f35833522d532086a7af19c0a8f64a8bc).

<div style="background-color:#f8f9fa;border:2px solid #e1e4e8;
padding:8px 12px;margin:10px 0;font-size:85%;border-radius:6px;">
<strong>Note:</strong> After each run, check <code>job.out</code> and <code>job.err</code> 

> to confirm the module ran successfully and contact the <strong>DNB Bioinformatics Core,</strong> if issues occur.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to confirm the module ran successfully. If you encounter any issues, please contact the DNB Bioinformatics Core—you can reach us via the #help-sc-rna-seq-snap channel on Slack or email [Antonia Chroni](antonia.chroni@stjude.org) directly. For more contact options, please refer to our [wiki Contact page](https://github.com/stjude-dnb-binfcore/sc-rna-seq-snap/wiki/Contact).

```
